Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
Fuck you, you fuckin' cunts.
[Door closes]
[Man groaning]
Hey.
MAN: Hey.
Please.
[Distant dog barking]
[Grunting]
[Whimpering]
[Breathlessly] Please.
Please don't.
Pl-please.
Please. Please.
[Crying] Don't. Please stop.
Please stop.
Don't.
Please...
♪
Stop!
Please...
Stop...
♪
[Sustained clattering]
[Clattering stops]
[Clatters pan]
[Tires squeal]
Where is everyone going?
[Van door closes]
Whatever happened, I want to help.
[Brakes screech]
_
[Dogs barking]
Out of the way, goddamn it! Move aside!
[Dog yelps]
[Gasps]
[Distant dog barking]
MAN ON TV: Thanks, Brad.
I'm here at the Heaven's Converts compound
in Noma, Florida, where cult members
recently opened fire on ATFEC agents.
Tensions between the cult
and the agency have been
escalating for days, starting when ATFEC...
[Turns off TV]
[Sniffs]
Mornin'.
Hey, I'm leaving in 10 minutes.
You want a ride to school?
[Groggily] Mm-mmm.
Have you seen a bunch of my white shirts?
No.
- You sure?
- Yes.
Morning, Mr. Garvey.
You want me to make coffee?
[Beeping]
Hey!
Did you turn the alarm off last night?
JILL: Nope.
It wasn't on.
Yeah, it was. I set it to "Stay."
WOMAN'S VOICE: Motion detector deactivated.
Looks like you mastered it.
[Doorbell rings]
_
[Sighs]
Where is she?
Are you surprised?
We want them to remember
something they want to forget.
They weren't just gonna
leave us alone, right?
It was only a matter of time.
I guess I should be scared, but...
I'm not.
Is that weird?
♪
MEG'S VOICE: Oh, fuck.
[Echoing] I just hope she
didn't have to suffer too much.
[Gasping]
- Are you OK?
- [Hyperventilating]
Hold on.
It's OK.
Laurie, it's OK.
Laurie. Oh, God.
I think we need some help!
Laurie, it's OK, it's OK.
It's OK.
[Whimpering]
She can't breathe.
It's OK, it's OK.
Help!
It's OK.
Somebody, please help!
[Police radio chatter]
KEVIN: Hey! What are you doing? Hey!
- You got the rocks?
- MAN: What?
The rocks.
Look, we need the pictures of
position before you can bag them.
Yeah. OK, sorry.
LOU: Give me a break, all right?
She lived with you for a year.
You got no emergency contact, nobody?
[Lou scoffs] "No family."
Uh-huh. Well, I guess
she just grew on a tree.
You get statements from
everyone in their search party?
Yes, sir. Mike's at the Biggie,
getting yellow pads in bulk.
I need you off the streets.
I don't have the resources to protect you.
I know, yeah. Tell me
to fuck off. I get it.
_
Oh. Good.
Thanks.
DENNIS: Hey, uh, Chief,
one of the witnesses says
he's gonna be late for his
ballroom dancing lesson.
OK if I let him go?
Your boys gonna give me my gun back?
It doesn't shoot rocks.
What were you doing out here?
Drinking beers,
star-gazing.
Hell, you could have been my alibi
if you didn't keep blowing me off.
Hey, Dean.
Burt.
We have an arrangement.
Population control.
[Tape rips] Oh, shit!
Hey, careful, goddamn it!
[Laughs]
Fuckin' horrific.
[Overlapping chatter]
Is that the best you can do?
KEVIN: Sorry to bother you, but
could I speak with my daughter?
Problem.
[Sobs]
Jill. Jill. Honey.
Jill, what's wrong?
Jill? Jill? Wait.
Just tell me.
Tell me what happened to her.
What happened to her?
Oh, no, no. Your mom's OK.
Then why are you here?
[Sobbing]
Last night a woman was
attacked, in the G.R.,
and I wanted you to hear it from
me first so you wouldn't worry.
Please don't tell your friends.
[Sobs]
I want you home before dark.
You and Aimee order a
pizza. I'm gonna work late.
Might not see you till the morning, OK?
I'll text you.
OK, yeah.
I shouldn't have cried. [Exhales]
She wouldn't have cried for me.
GIRL: OK. Ready? OK.
[Girls grunt]
[Man groaning]
I understand we had a rough morning.
[Sighs] Sorry.
Compound fracture.
OK. I had a look at your tests.
Everything seems normal.
Let's have a listen.
All right.
May I ask how many cigarettes
a day you're smoking?
OK, what you experienced was
most likely a panic attack.
If it happens again, take two of these.
If you need more, you're
gonna need a prescription
from a psychiatrist.
OK? You're free to go.
_
♪
"Is the victim a member of an organization
"that claims an
independent religious belief
not listed on the AWR?" Check.
"Is the membership of the
organization currently comprised
- of more than 40 individuals?"
- It was not your call to make!
Check. "Has there been a pattern
of violent incidents involving..."
I know what it fuckin' says
because I signed that fuckin' thing!
Check!
- "If these conditions are met, any..."
- You gonna continue reading?
There's a whole bunch of
fuckin' big words in there
that you might not even fuckin' understand!
"...Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms, Explosives and Cults!
Please contact the Bureau immediately!"
Immediately!
How about I immediately shove
that fuckin' thing up your ass?!
LUCY: Chief Garvey!
Fat fuck.
What's up, gentlemen?
Detective Vitello took it
upon himself to call the feds
- and punt on our homicide.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I was just doing my job by
following the guidelines...
- Lou?
- Yeah?
Shut the fuck up. Who'd
you talk to at ATFEC?
Agent...
uh, Sean Kilaney.
Great. Please give Agent
Kilaney's contact information
to your boss, so that
he can undo your fuck-up.
Thank you.
You need anything from me?
Curfew.
Nobody out past dark.
Look, the town feels a response,
and if the G.R. violates, I can arrest 'em.
I'll call a council meeting for tomorrow.
Can you be there to make your case?
I just made my case.
It's a formality, Kevin.
I trust you,
but this is a fucking mess.
Lots of eyes on us.
You won't be influenced by your...
family situation?
No.
I won't.
MAN: MasterCard gets us miles.
WOMAN: We haven't flown in two years.
Miles are meaningless.
They're obviously not meaningless.
- Yes, they are.
- Why do you keep saying that?
OK, then. Just wait. Oh...
Can you pull my wallet from the front?
- I got it, I got it. I did, I did, I did.
- You got it?
I did. Yeah. All right.
Amanda.
Amanda, stop staring.
You, too.
♪
Go.
_
RECORDING: Hey, Sean Kilaney at Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms, Explosives and Cults.
Leave a message and I'll hit you back.
[Click, beep]
Agent Kilaney, Chief Kevin
Garvey from Mapleton, New York.
Uh, one of our investigators
just spoke to you
about a possible cult-related incident,
but his assessment was premature, so
we'd like to handle that ourselves.
If you give me a call back,
I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
[Dogs barking]
Hey! Hey!
Heh! Sorry.
They're loud, but they're harmless.
Hey! Hey!
Don't worry about it.
Stakin' out the Moonies, huh?
They made an offer on my house.
Guess they're running out of room.
Bought a church, too, I heard.
Yeah.
[Dogs panting]
One of 'em got killed, huh?
Sorry, I'm not allowed to
discuss ongoing investigations.
[Man scoffs]
Don't investigate too hard.
[Dogs barking]
[Line ringing]
- [Click]
- DENNIS: Hello?
Dennis, it's me. Yeah, Chief?
Look, I want you to go and pick up
Reverend Jamison, bring him in.
[Dishes clattering]
Morning, Mr. Garvey.
Why isn't the alarm on?
You didn't text me.
I didn't want it to go off in the
middle of the night when you got home.
Well, that defeats the purpose.
Please, just set it.
KEVIN: OK?
Mr. Garvey, we heard that
the woman who got killed
got dragged behind a
truck and, like, crucified.
- Is that true?
- He's not gonna tell you.
No, Aimee, it's not true.
See?
What a relief.
[Footfalls ascending stairs]
Is she OK?
She's Jill.
- [Door closes upstairs]
- What does that mean?
She doesn't really do OK.
Can't win.
Now you're gettin' it.
_
♪
You look nice.
Have a seat.
Hungry?
They got all-day breakfast here.
What can I get for you, hon?
Can we have a minute, please?
Sure.
How long has it been since
you've spoken, Laurie?
About 7 months?
Eight. Right.
Well, Laurie,
you are overdue for a day off.
No, no,
You can talk.
Just for today. Say anything you want to.
Hey, I'm doing it, too, right?
Are you ready?
PATTI: She's gonna have French toast,
scrambled eggs, order of bacon,
large orange juice. Coffee?
She's gonna have coffee.
WAITRESS: Coffee. You got it.
This is fuckin' good.
RECORDING: Hey, Sean Kilaney at Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms, Explosives and Cults.
Leave a message and I'll hit you back.
[Click, beep]
Agent Kilaney, uh,
Kevin Garvey again from Mapleton.
I left you a message last night,
but I haven't heard back.
Please call me. It's important.
Hey, Officer Mustard Stain.
Dropping off or what?
I'm actually picking up. You
got some of my shirts here.
Yeah, sure. You have a ticket?
Just check the computer.
It's under Garvey.
No ticket, no?
No, no ticket.
[Mutters in foreign language]
OK, you pick up last Tuesday.
No, I know, I know I picked up,
but I'm missing my white shirts.
Can you just check again?
[Speaking foreign language]
[Man laughs, speaks foreign language]
Sorry. No shirts, huh?
You didn't even look.
I looked on computer.
Unless you have ticket...
I don't have a ticket.
If they turn up, we'll call you. OK?
Mr. Extra Starch!
Dropping off or what?
Yeah.
Don't give up.
They want you to surrender so they can
sell your shirts on the black market.
- Stay strong.
- Oh. I hope you have a ticket.
I always have a ticket.
Oh.
Well, you know what they say.
They'll turn up once you
stop looking for them.
You think so?
No, probably not.
[Both chuckle]
All right, uh, see you later, Nora.
Bye.
- MAN: Mr. Four Eyes!
- Yes.
Where are we?
Statements from the Moonies.
I didn't check the spelling.
Oh, Dennis has your priest in the war room.
Gonna give him your confession?
Hey, Matt.
Thanks for coming in.
[Sighs]
So...
where were you two nights ago?
Why?
Well,
according to the hospital,
you had a rock thrown
at you a couple months ago,
one aimed at the G.R.
Then they repaid your
generosity by buying up
your church out from under
you, and they painted it white.
You, uh, think I had something to do
with what happened to that woman?
No.
Just want to know where you
were a couple nights ago.
I was at my house with my study group.
A few of them spent the night.
I appreciate the extra help with Mary.
Can you give me their names?
Of course.
The, uh, woman.
Did she have any family?
Why?
Well, back when I had the church,
I used to see her sometimes.
She'd just stand outside the way they do.
She never talked to me, of course, but...
I don't know.
She became a familiar face.
Do you think I could see her?
What, her body?
Yes.
You do realize you're a suspect, Matt?
Well, obviously, but once I'm not,
I'd like to pray for her.
Please?
It'll just be 5 minutes.
No. You can't see her.
[Knock on door]
Hey, Chief, it's 3:00.
They're all in Town Hall, waiting for you.
What? Who?
The mayor, the curfew thing.
Oh, shit!
LUCY: Please, everyone calm down.
I really do appreciate your patience.
Just a few more moments, I promise you.
What the fuck?
They just showed up. I didn't know.
WOMAN: What, I'm not allowed
to leave my own house?
How long is this gonna last?
LUCY: Please, hold your questions.
Chief Garvey suggested the curfew,
and he's here to explain
exactly how it will go.
Chief?
[Whispers] Really?
Um... ahem...
well, M-Ms. Mayor, uh...
I'm sure you're all aware
that a violent hate crime occurred
a couple nights ago
to a member of the Guilty Remnant.
While we conduct our
investigation, I thought
it would be in the best
interests of the town
if people remained in
their homes after 8 p.m.
I work nights!
I'm sure we can make exceptions
if you have to get to a job.
WOMAN: So we have to change
our lives because of them?
CROWD: Yeah!
They broke into my house on Christmas.
People, please, look, we're just
trying to keep everybody safe.
DEAN: Well, you're not
trying to keep us safe.
That's right.
[Scattered shouting dies down]
Excuse me?
It just doesn't seem fair,
us being locked up inside our houses.
We didn't do anything wrong.
CROWD: Yeah.
I mean, with all due respect, Chief,
how do we even know these people
didn't do this to themselves?
Because you were with them
when they found the body.
Well, I was with some of them.
What are you... you don't even live here.
Well, sure I do.
And when I moved here, hell,
it seemed like a nice place.
- Oh, are you fuckin' serious?!
- LUCY: OK.
I think everyone's had their say.
This is not a public vote.
It's for the council alone.
- [Crowd murmuring]
- And, for the record,
I fully support Chief Garvey.
All in favor of imposing
an emergency town-wide curfew to start
at 8 p.m., effective this evening?
All opposed?
Yeah.
[Applause]
♪
[Knock on door]
Where's Patti?
Get all your people
together here in 5 minutes
from all your fuckin' houses.
I'll wait.
It's just been made clear to me that
it's officially open season on you people.
Now, the ideal thing would be for
you all to stay off the streets,
but we all know that's
not gonna happen, is it?
Whistles.
Keep these on you at all times. Use them.
I got my people on extra patrols,
and they're ready to respond.
This doesn't have to happen again,
but that's on you.
No one understands whatever
it is you believe in.
They don't give a shit...
long as you leave them alone.
But if you keep following people
around, buying up their homes,
painting everything white,
breaking into their
houses, they will retaliate.
Any questions?
I'll take them in writing.
♪
Thank you for your time.
It's Meg, right?
Do you still talk?
Yes.
Where's Laurie?
I don't know.
Is she OK?
I'm the only person that
gives a shit about you people,
and you won't even tell
me where my wife is?
She's not your wife anymore.
WAITRESS: OK. All done, girls?
- Oh, we are indeed.
- [Chuckles]
Just the check. Mm-hmm.
Oh, could I have a doggie bag, please?
For what?
Just get me the bag, sweetheart.
OK.
I brought her here, too.
Just over a year ago.
Gladys sat right there where
you're sittin' right now.
I don't know how, but she somehow got word
that her son had died.
Did she ever tell you she had a son?
No.
It was over in Yemen, I think.
His helicopter just crashed or some such,
and as you can imagine,
she did not take it very well.
She questioned her commitment,
she became distracted,
and she began to feel again.
And there was a lot of mopin'
and cryin' around the house,
and then it started to happen
out in the open.
So I brought her here, I fed her,
and I invited her to speak
her troubles out loud.
I gave her every opportunity to talk.
She never spoke one word,
never broke,
just like you.
So I'm going to tell you
what I told her.
I understand the pull.
♪
I understand. It's your family.
It's your past.
I understand
that going back to them feels comfortable
and easy
because the alternative, what we do,
is very, very hard.
But there can't be any doubt, Laurie...
because doubt
is fire!
And fire is gonna burn you up
until you are but ash!
[Footsteps approach]
OK. Ladies, come see us again.
[Kiss]
Yeah.
[Sighs]
[Chuckles]
You remember what you told me
to do in the last session...
just before everything changed?
[Whimpering]
[Laughs]
_
Can I be excused,
please?
Yeah.
[Matt speaking inside]
[Applause inside]
OK, Reverend. You want
to pray over her? Fine.
What made you change your mind?
The closest thing she's gonna
get to a funeral... oh, shit.
Jesus said to his disciples,
"Compare me to something
and tell me what I am like."
And Thomas said to him, "Teacher,
my mouth is utterly unable
to say what you are like."
And Jesus said, "I am not your teacher
"because you have become intoxicated
from the bubbling spring I have tended."
And he took Thomas and withdrew
and spoke 3 sayings to him.
When Thomas came back,
his friends asked him,
"What did Jesus say to you?"
And Thomas responded,
"If I tell you what he spoke to me,
"you will pick up rocks and stone me,
and fire will come from
the rocks and devour you."
[Chuckles]
You want to tell me what that means?
It means it's easier to stay silent
than it is to speak truth.
Killing these people is pointless.
They don't care because
they're already dead.
♪
You know, what I want is
to bring them back to life.
Oh. Sorry about that.
[Closes drawer]
Must be that one.
Uh, Billy?
What happened to the D.B. in 4? Female?
BILLY: Oh, we shipped her out.
You fuckin' shipped her? Where?
Sorry. We got an email ordering
us to send her out to Virginia.
Uh, it was from... Agent Kilaney.
It says you guys called him.
RECORDING: Hey, Sean Kilaney at Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms, Explosives and Cults.
Leave a message and I'll hit you back.
- [Beep]
- Listen, asshole, you don't call me back
and then you email my morgue
and you pull my fuckin' body?!
If you don't call me back within
the hour, I will be in my car
driving to D.C., where I will
personally hit you fuckin' back!
Understood?!
It's Kevin Garvey from Mapleton!
- [Hangs up, stomps]
- Fuck!
I say fuck, too.
[Sighs]
♪
[Closes van door]
[Door opens, key-in-ignition
warning chimes]
[Door closes]
[Music stops, engine turns over]
[Security system beeping]
WOMAN'S VOICE: Disarm system now.
[Beeping continues]
- Disarm system now.
- Oh, shit.
[Cell phone vibrating]
- Disarm system now.
- Shit.
Disarm system now.
- [Burglar alarm blaring]
- Fuck!
Uhh! Fuck.
Fuck.
Oh, shit.
- [Alarm continues blaring]
- Oh, shit.
Fuck!
[Alarm stops]
System deactivated.
[Panting] Hello?
Hey, Chief Harvey. Sean
Kilaney from ATFEC. How are ya?
Sorry I didn't get back to you
sooner. I was down in Florida.
Fuckin' mess. You see it on the news?
No.
Count yourself lucky.
- So, uh, you got a cult-related homicide?
- [Opens bottle]
- Didn't you get my messages?
- Well, just one. You leave more?
Now, you want us to
take jurisdiction, right?
Uh... uh, no. Don't worry about it.
Um, listen, you never
should have gotten that call.
One of my detectives
jumped the gun. Vitello.
- Oh.
- He said he spoke to you.
Oh, OK. Let me, uh, pull it up here. Uh...
Got it. Jesus. Right. The stoning.
Fuck. The victim was
what, Tomorrow's Family?
No, Guilty Remnant.
Oh, those nuts.
What's up with the chain-smoking?
Look, you know what? It sounds
like you got your hands full.
They sent the body to you a couple
hours ago, and it's not like...
Shit. They did?
They said you emailed them.
Uh, that's automated. It
gets sent to the local M.E.
as soon as I put a Tier 3 in the system.
Well, then send her back
to me. Send the body back.
Yeah, wish I could. She's en route
to our forensic processing center.
Then how 'bout I come down
there, I pick her up myself?
Uh, sorry. Once she's in the
system, there's nothing I can do.
Well, what about, uh,
forensics, evidence,
our witness statements?
- You know what?
- You want me to...
You go ahead and hold
on to all of that, OK?
You should be hearing from
one of our field guys soon.
In how long?
Uh, 4 to 6 weeks.
[Sighs] Oh, fuck.
Or, if you want,
we could just eliminate the infestation.
Excuse me?
I can have 3 vans full of armed
agents there by the end of the week.
They pay a visit to whatever
compound these fucks call home,
and they get you the
results you're lookin' for.
Chief...
this shit spreads if you let it.
Don't worry about your victim.
She doesn't give a shit.
Worry about your town.
♪
And, uh... ahem.
The Guilty Remnant. What happens...
what would happen to them?
What happens is
they go away.
They're not your problem anymore.
Just say the word,
and everything can go back to normal.
Well, I appreciate that.
Hello?
You still there?
Chief?
Uh... uh...
Uh, but no thanks.
We can handle it.
OK.
Good luck with that, Chief.
[Hangs up]
♪
[Item falls to floor]
Sorry, I can't sell alcohol to
people who are already enibritted.
Who are what?
Enibritted.
Oh. Inebriated?
- Yeah.
- Oh, I'm not, so
promise you won't get in any trouble.
All right. [Sighs]
- [Cash register beeps]
- So, you guys, uh,
catch who killed that lady yet?
No.
We have not.
[Distant man laughing]
[Speaking foreign language]
Hey.
- [Laughing]
- Hey!
Open the door.
- We're closed.
- No, no, no.
It's me, Officer Mustard Stain.
Open the door.
- Open the door.
- We're closed!
Sorry, sir. We're closed.
- OK?
- Oh, I'm a sir now?
Now I'm a sir. Open the door!
Hang up the phone and
open this door right now!
Please, if you come back tomorrow...
Open the door.
Sir! You cannot...
Oh, I cannot?!
I cannot?
Open the motherfuckin' door right now!
OK, OK. O-OK.
Please, please. We're... what do you want?
[Panting]
I want you to look for my shirts,
and I would appreciate it if
you fuckin' tried this time.
Yes, yes. Of course. Please.
Let me... uh,
how many... how many shirts?
- Eight.
And... and, uh,
- what color?
- All white!
Uh, here we are.
All white shirts, huh?
- That's right.
- Here we are.
I've got them. They're
here. Yeah. One second.
Yes.
See? White shirts.
Here you go.
More white shirts.
That's...
- Here. White.
- Yeah.
White shirts.
- Eight shirts.
- Thank you.
Uh, no, no. It's OK.
No charge, sir.
Our mistake, OK?
Thanks.
[Door opens]
[Sighs]
_
[Microphone feedback]
MATT, OUTSIDE: One, two.
Testing. Testing, testing.
One, two. Good evening.
Hello.
My name is Matt Jamison.
I didn't know your friend very well.
I don't even know if you
considered her a friend,
but she lived here, with all of you.
I tried to give her a blanket once
on a cold winter day,
but she wouldn't take it.
She was committed to her path.
I don't understand your faith,
but I understand commitment
and I respect it.
But we are, all of us, no
matter what we've suffered,
still alive.
We still feel pain and sorrow.
We still feel loss.
We still feel love.
♪
MATT: This woman was one
of you, and now she's gone.
I know you cannot speak her name.
I know you cannot say good-bye.
But I ask you at least
to let me.
If any of you wants to, I invite you now
to come out and join us.
"I lift up my eyes to the hills.
Where does my health come from?"
"It comes from the Lord,
"the Maker of Heaven and Earth.
"He will not let your foot slip.
"He who watches over you will not slumber.
Indeed, He..."
[Blowing whistle]
[Whistling continues]
[Beeping]
WOMAN'S VOICE: Disarm system now.
Disarm system now.
[Beeping stops]
System deactivated.
[Sighs]
JILL: Hey.
I heard the alarm.
I just wanted to make sure it was you.
Oh, thanks for setting it.
Yeah.
Find your shirts?
Your mother and I are getting a divorce.
OK.
[Voice shaking] I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
Uh...
[Sniffles]
I love you, honey.
I love you, too.
♪
[Sobbing]
[Weeping]
Sync & Corrections by Darcade
- Addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org